RHIDP-12086: Lightspeed Evaluation Framework documentation (#2161)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-analyze-evaluation-results.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="analyze-evaluation-results_{context}"]

> = Analyze evaluation results

Author: Analyzing evaluation results to identify performance gaps

[role="_abstract"]

> Analyze evaluation results in the repository to determine the performance of {ls-short} and identify documentation areas that require model improvement. These reports allow you to compare performance across different large language models (LLMs) and topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determine the performance of {ls-short} and identify documentation areas that require model improvement by analyzing evaluation results in the repository. You can use these reports to compare performance across different large language models (LLMs) and topics.
```
Make more goal focussed (JTBD) and avoid antromorphism.
